README.md, before:


# hash code - More Pizza

Objective: Order the greatest possible no. of pizza slices

## Rules

1. Only can order one of each type
2. Total slices cannot be greater than M (Max. slices)

## Current Program Status

Program is able to identify largest no. of pizza slices by summing total pizza slices in descending order of list. However, the final no. of possible pizza slices can be further increased by summing up smaller values to form bigger values, as compared to choosing a single large value.

Example:

    max = 20
    num_list = [2, 2, 3, 6, 10]

    Given results = [3, 6, 10] {19}
    Expected results = [2, 2, 6, 10] {20}

## Examples
a.
<br />

i) Input

    Stock:
        M = 17
        N = 4

    Menu:
    {
        Type 0: 2 slices
        Type 1: 5 slices
        Type 2: 6 slices
        Type 3: 8 slices
    }

ii) Submission
    
    Order:
        N = 3 types
    
    
    {
        Type 0: 2 slices
        Type 2: 6 slices
        Type 3: 8 slices

    }

    Total slices = 16


b.

    M = 100
    N = 10

    {
        Type 0: 4 slices
        Type 1: 14 slices
        Type 2: 15 slices
        Type 3: 18 slices
        Type 4: 29 slices
        Type 5: 32 slices
        Type 6: 36 slices
        Type 7: 82 slices
        Type 8: 95 slices
        Type 9: 95 slices
    }

c.

    M = 4500
    N = 50

    {
        Type 0: 7 slices
        Type 1: 12 slices
        Type 2: 12 slices
        Type 3: 13 slices
        Type 4: 14 slices
        Type 5: 28 slices
        Type 6: 29 slices
        Type 7: 29 slices
        Type 8: 30 slices
        Type 9: 32 slices
        Type 10: 32 slices
        ...
        ...
        Type 49: 195 slices
    }

d.

    M = 1000000000
    N = 2000

    {
        Type 0: 476 slices
        ...
        ...
        Type 1999: 999867 slices
    }

e.

    M = 505000000
    N = 10000

    {
        Type 0: 223
        ...
        ...
        Type 9999: 150000
    }

Commit message:

Updated code to add more slices to pizza via permutations method

README.md, after:


# hash code - More Pizza

Objective: Order the greatest possible no. of pizza slices

## Rules

1. Only can order one of each type
2. Total slices cannot be greater than M (Max. slices)

## Current Program Status

Program removes a value each time and sums the value to the max using the last item in the list as the base value. More can be done to use different items in the list as a base. [https://docs.python.org/3/library/itertools.html#itertools.combinations]

Example:

    max = 20
    num_list = [2, 2, 3, 6, 10]

    Given results = [3, 6, 10] {19}
    Expected results = [2, 2, 6, 10] {20}

## Examples
a.
<br />

i) Input

    Stock:
        M = 17
        N = 4

    Menu:
    {
        Type 0: 2 slices
        Type 1: 5 slices
        Type 2: 6 slices
        Type 3: 8 slices
    }

ii) Submission
    
    Order:
        N = 3 types
    
    
    {
        Type 0: 2 slices
        Type 2: 6 slices
        Type 3: 8 slices

    }

    Total slices = 16


b.

    M = 100
    N = 10

    {
        Type 0: 4 slices
        Type 1: 14 slices
        Type 2: 15 slices
        Type 3: 18 slices
        Type 4: 29 slices
        Type 5: 32 slices
        Type 6: 36 slices
        Type 7: 82 slices
        Type 8: 95 slices
        Type 9: 95 slices
    }

c.

    M = 4500
    N = 50

    {
        Type 0: 7 slices
        Type 1: 12 slices
        Type 2: 12 slices
        Type 3: 13 slices
        Type 4: 14 slices
        Type 5: 28 slices
        Type 6: 29 slices
        Type 7: 29 slices
        Type 8: 30 slices
        Type 9: 32 slices
        Type 10: 32 slices
        ...
        ...
        Type 49: 195 slices
    }

d.

    M = 1000000000
    N = 2000

    {
        Type 0: 476 slices
        ...
        ...
        Type 1999: 999867 slices
    }

e.

    M = 505000000
    N = 10000

    {
        Type 0: 223
        ...
        ...
        Type 9999: 150000
    }
